Hi Ayush 🙃 I've only known you for around a year now I think (actually, wasn't it around this time only last year when we got put in the same group for English, all because of Divij and *she* who must not be named?😂)
No matter what though, I'm really glad to have had the honour of meeting someone like you. I really don't think you realise, or anyone who sees themselves through a lens society sets for them realises, but you're much more than what appears to the naked eye. Initially toh, i'll admit I really thought you were a major introvert and overall a stereotypical smart dude with good grades who studies all the time (sorry for my first impressions😂😅 couldn't help it 😂). Do you remember me saying stuff to you like "I never imagined that the Ayush Banerjee could ever do this" when we got closer? Like when you told me that you used to sneak out of school by jumping over the fence/wall😂(idr😭) or even that time that you set sanitiser on fire and your grandparents were so concerned as to why on earth there was a blue flame under the sofa🤣. But, the more I've gotten to know you, the more I've realised is that the personality everyone sees and believes to be yours can only be described as a trick of the light, a forced perception. 
Have you ever seen those abstract multimedia exhibits? The artist makes them in such a way that when seen from any random angle, you see the utter randomness of scattered objects and think it useless or stupid, but when seen from a particular angle, you see what the artist truly meant to convey through their art. You are like one of those pieces - everyone sees you through a particular lens at a particular angle and takes it to mean that that is what you, the artist of your life, want to show the world. It's only those close to you who realise your real beauty lies in the random objects scattered here and there. 
You're such a gentle soul, I swear, and have such patience😭 I can literally count the number of times you got angry, annoyed or even so much as let your irritation at mine and Tanvi's stupid doubts show on one hand (one finger works too). You never yell, never let your irritation and always explain everything so simply. I've also never seen anyone so willing to help and share his knowledge. Some people claim to know more than they do, some people flaunt their knowledge, and then there's you. Your knowledge and conceptual clarity still leave me in awe, even now you know. What you have is the only thing that can be called true knowledge- that which can be applied at any point in time.
I'm so glad to have been able to get to know these sides of you. From that debate about corsets to learning about your passion for defense, each side of you was something unexpected and new. I have no idea what the future holds or what would happen to either one of us post the next 8 months but I hope that by then I can still proudly call you my friend and for a long while after that too.🥹🥹
Happy Birthday dear Ayush! I hope this birthday will be one of your most memorable ever🥰
